Our inspiration for the project was based on our own experiences traversing the campus here at UCSC. When arriving a couple months ago, we were aware that there were several paths and shortcuts but it took us a while to find them. Google Maps was not very helpful either: asking it for directions from RCC to College 9 directs the user to walk on Heller Drive, which isn’t very safe. Also, we were concerned about safety on campus, namely, the emergency blue lights scattered throughout the campus. Although they can be seen once in a while, in case of an emergency, it would be difficult to immediately find one. We wanted to highlight the locations of the emergency blue light as a part of our project. Our ideas that we thought of but didn’t make the final project include a sunset warning, stair and steep hill warnings, and even some sort of reward system for walking. 

We built the project mainly using Figma to create the design and pathways of our website. We then used siter.io to create the website itself. The process was pretty intuitive, because of Figma, it was easy to create the pathways for each route. It was also easy to get user input to show them their closest blue light based on their location. We were able to create a design for each one of our pages as well. 

Our challenges include trying to get Twilio, a messaging API to work within our project. The goal was to get downloadable maps sent to them through text, and for people to be able to rate the maps. This would make our website much more interactive as well as gain credibility through the reviews. However, we had difficulties implementing it within our project as we had to pay for the full functionality. However, we did get to test Twilio a bit and we’ll include that screenshot in the images section of the DevPost. Our other challenges included using Domain.com to create a domain for our website. Again, it kept asking us to pay and wouldn’t process the payment. We also struggled at step 1 of the project, which was coming up with an idea. We all had multiple ideas for many different categories and it was difficult coming up with an idea that would both challenge us but also be possible within our skill sets (2 of us are freshman taking our second ever cs class). The categories (sustainability, fintech, health, and social justice) were also quite broad and it was hard to decide which one to base our project around. 

Overall, it was a rewarding experience for each one of us. We got to learn so many new platforms, especially Figma, and also saw our project develop from an idea into an actual product over such a short period of time. Two of us are first time hackers and just being in the environment was very fun and motivating. We are excited to delve deeper into website development and creator more products. 
